Update rate-limits.md (#1247)
letsencrypt/website: content/en/docs/rate-limits.md

> Renewals are treated specially: they don't count against your **Certificates per

Reviewer: Move the community forum link from line 48 up to "don't count against" here.

Registered Domain** limit, but they are subject to a **Duplicate Certificate**

> limit of 6 per week (168h) and 2 per day (24h) - the latter of which we implemented in June 2021 to warn users before they reach the weekly limit of 6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
limit of 2 per day (24h) or 6 per week (168h). The daily limit is intended
to warn users before they reach the weekly limit. Note that this limit changed
in June 2021 (it was previously just 5 per week).
```

Exceeding the Duplicate Certificate limit is reported with the error message

> 'too many certificates already issued for this exact set of domains'.

Reviewer: I'd remove these lines entirely. This appears to be the only paragraph in the document where we provide (close to) the exact error message; there's no need for it at all.

Reviewer 2: I think it's useful to have the exact (or something close to) error message, so web search engine can point here more precisely...

> Note: renewals used to count against your Certificate per
> Registered Domain limit until March 2019, [but they don't
> anymore](https://community.letsencrypt.org/t/rate-limits-fixing-certs-per-name-rate-limit-order-of-operations-gotcha/88189). Please also note that this is not a rate limit Let's Encrypt can adjust via the rate limit adjustment form found on this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please also note that this is not a rate limit Let's Encrypt can adjust
via the rate limit adjustment form found on this page.
```
